[Autogenerated] this course does not stand on its own.
It's part of the spring immigration learning path here at Pluralsight,
which contains a series, Of course,
is let's take a look at the prerequsites and see where this course fits in.
First of all,
I assume that you are a Javadi developer and that you are
familiar with the spring framework in general and that you
also already know the basics.
Offspring Immigration.
If you are new to spring migration and enterprise integration
patterns or the spring framework in general,
then I recommend that you follow other courses first.
If you are new to the spring framework,
then there is a core spring learning path available on Pluralsight,
which contains courses that cover many aspects off
the spring framework for beginners,
as well as for intermediate and advanced learners.
To follow this course,
you don't need to be an expert in everything that
the spring framework has to offer,
but it is important that you understand the core concepts.
It also helps if you know something about spring boot and spring data.
JPA a.
I also highly recommend that you follow my course,
bring immigration getting started before following this
course in the getting started course, you will learn the basics,
offspring integration and enterprise integration patterns,
which is knowledge that you will need for this course.
Of course,
there are more courses in the spring integration learning
path that you might want to follow.
If you want to learn more about spring integration,
for example,
you can take a look at spring Integration Message System Designed
Patterns By Stephen Haines At the end of this course,
and with the knowledge you gain from the other courses on spring integration,
you will be ready to design and implement your own
spring immigration applications,
and you'll know how to AD FS features for monitoring, controlling and debugging that are important for production ready applications.